# 2018 - 21

I've met with Massimo, Laura and Claudio to plan the communication for the new edition of the bootcamp coming in the fall. I need to do some homework for next week before the next meeting, especially on the website and on better rationalising the offer.

I've got accepted for the Mini Maker Faire and I've been in contact with the organistion and with Giampaolo of [TrampolineUp](http://trampolineup.com/) to share a workshop space and team up for a special IoT version of Coding for everyone. It's going to be super cool ;)

Efficacemente it's coming to the end, at least on the server side. I've been experimenting with [Serverless](https://serverless.com/) to implement an AWS Lambda function that gets the data from the checkout, posts to Stripe and then to Zapier, which we'll use to send emails and enable the course on Teachable. I'm still working on finishing the Paypal integration, but then we'll have all the main components in place and we'll need to QA and iterate a bit with the client. I've had a setback as I forgot that we should have managed two Stripe accounts based on the customer's country. Unfortunately Stripe React elements don't allow API key replacement, and so I had to refactor the code a bit in order to make this possible. Actually I'm very pleased now as I've managed to better manage Stripe and minimise the impact of further Stripe changes in the rest of the codebase, hopefully.

On the Coding for everyone front, I'm organising a special event, together with [Stefania](http://stefaniadelprete.com/) and Simone (our usual co-host for the Python track) called [Open Mozilla night](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Open_Mozilla_Night) following Berlin's inspiration. It's going to be an event to introduce participants to contributing to open source. More news coming soon.

Open House opened the reservations for some buildings and the site has been hammered on Saturday morning. We had 500 users/minute for around one hour and the website didn't collapse! The combination of basic OVH hosting, plus WPSuperCache and Cloudflare did the job properly. The only noticeable problem is with Bootstrap CDN that I need to avoid by moving Bootstrap in my theme and leveraging Cloudflare also for that. Plus we are surely going to hit the Google API limits for Maps, so we still need to setup the billing and image signing bit.
