# 2018 - 6 - TiC 1 - Week 1

Bootcamp has started!

[Here](https://github.com/turnintocoders/bootcamp/blob/master/week-1/README.md) you can see the schedule we've covered and all the materials that we've used.

The project of the week has been a [single-page website](https://github.com/TiC-1/Week1_project_website) that is the team portfolio. The website is made of two files, one HTML and one CSS, starting completely from scratch. The focus of the week is learning Git, Github and how to collaborate in a team. Having only two files means lots of conflicts and discussions. Both very important for the coming weeks.


## External speakers

We'll try hosting external speakers every week of the bootcamp. This week [Leva](http://leva.io/it/) very kindly agreed to come to explain what they do internally and to give a feedback on our [first project](https://github.com/TiC-1/Week1_project_website). They showed us a project built with Ruby on Rails APIs and a React+Redux frontend, plus a React native app.


## Retrospective

At the end of each week I really care about having a little time for discussing how the week went. Here are the notes of our first week.

The challenges were good, but we need to find some time to review them. And we should remove one, there's no time for all of them.

Project was important, it gave rhythm and depth to learning.

I need to supply more good practices on how to interact over Github (how to write comments, open PRs, ask reviews, etc.)

The accessibility tools and challenges were very appreciated, and we discussed on how to do them again in future projects.

Probably because the initial level was a bit under what I would have hoped, we need to spend more time on JavaScript. I've had many feedbacks on this. In particular on DOM manipulation, callbacks and simply JS, maybe with more code alongs.

Also lists of links are appreciated, I'll try providing more resources.

General appreciation over practical teaching and progression of materials.
