# 2018 - 8 - TiC 1 - Week 3

Materials for week 3 are [here](https://github.com/turnintocoders/bootcamp/blob/master/week-3/README.md).

Using two APIs (OpenWeather, YouTube) we've realised [musicmeteo app](https://github.com/TiC-1/Week3_project_musicmeteoAPP). The app calls OpenWeather to get the weather in a specified city. Then with that result we query YouTube's APIs to get music videos with the title having the weather previously found.

We keep working without framework nor libraries. This week was tricky in that respect as we've had to understand how to implement an AJAX call and how to interpret HTTP statuses.

Pitch day! Toolbox has organised a pitch moment in which coworkers have 5 minutes to present what they do to everyone else. A bit tired, but I managed to say something :P


## External speakers

Fabio Sussetto from [Eventcube](https://www.eventcube.io/) has shown some of his work, which is mainly Python + Django + Wagtail. On the frontend they also have a SPA con Vue.js. Very interesing for the participants to have a conversation also about backend, Python and Django, a completely new world.


## Retrospective

Project time was good. The project worked! We've spent some time coding along fixes and this was appreciated.

The separation of responsibilities in the team was good, but we need to swap them weekly.

There's the request of spending more time on CSS from someone and less from someone else. The waterfall challenge was enjoyed. Maybe I should think about proposing a pool of challenges?

Again challenges were a bit forgotten in favour of the project.

External speakers appreciated again, thanks!
